More ormolu (#979)
wireapp/wire-server: docs/developer/editor-setup.md

      ad-do-it)))
```

### Ormolu integration

> There is are make rules `format`, `formatf`, `formatc` to re-format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are make targets `format`, `formatf`, `formatc` to re-format
```

or check the entire repository.  This takes about 10 seconds.

Emacs integration is [linked
here](https://github.com/tweag/ormolu#editor-integration).

## Vim {#DevVim}

TODO.

### ormolu integration

> There is are make rules `format`, `formatf`, `formatc` to re-format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are make targets `format`, `formatf`, `formatc` to re-format
```
